Significance: The key theme here is generally memory. These items are all important either due to significance of events, signifiance of symbolism, and/or significance of age.

__Lime__
Necklace: This is one of the first things I bought for myself. It inspired me to get the materials and learn how to use rings + scales to make necklaces. I shipped a few to my friends, but those gifts aren't exactly something that **I** can sacrifice after all.

Dice (Metal): This was something I received later and they've been with me for a while. Chance with heft. I like to save them for notable rolls. They're very special to me. They share value with the below, but they're the 'favorite' set for special occasions, while the plastic ones pictured are my favorite for general use. I also really love the box, but that's mostly for aesthetics.

Dice (Plastic): This is a collection of my favorite dice throughout the years. It includes my first set from when I started playing TTRPGs and other sets I bought after that. There's a large d20 from when I was introduced to MTG. And many more. It has a different set of memories, alongside every time I use it again, a continued legacy. A string connecting years, disparate stories, and characters. 

Poster: This is from 2014/2015. It's ancient. It's been with me for years. It's from one of my favorite games aesthetically. It's stood through countless years, either stored carefully or overhanging. It's something special, originally unexpected and now, a reminder of the fond hundreds of hours I've had in those sorts of games. Organizing things, seeing how I can break things with strategy. It's a lot. And yet, quite small, when folded. Perfect for if you have to move. 

Cards: This is a proxy, I don't have my deck with me as I didn't plan to use it during the semester. ^w^ There's plenty of other material available though. Don't fret. I've had a lot of fun and memories doing little readings for fun or just, having them. I love collecting bits and pieces like cards and dice and it was fun to find something more minimalistic. Also, there's a Medium joke in here that adds to the theming. I have to include them, even if I can't dig up my old photos of them.

__Red__
The Scalemate Project was a way for me to practice sewing. I intended to work with machine sewing, but the fabrics I picked out, while wonderful and soft, jammed up the sewing machine. I sewed the pattern I found by hand. There were some mistakes. Other than the top spike and the uncut pieces, most of those are failed test pieces I have kept around. They tell the story of me learning how to do this. Working through it until I figured it out. The center is the finished piece I have, requiring maintenance to fix every time a seam bursts. Rot takes even the physical things we make, unless we remake them like the ship of Theseus. These pieces all hold a lot of a story of this object's creation, the significance of it being by my side, and the wonderful converations I've had about them.

__Magenta__
The Cannon, The Wall, The Catapult: These are all quite old. They're from 2016. They're when I was messing around with blocks. I don't have much of my physical stuff from back then. They're some of the few remaining memories of a lot of work like that.
The Tablet: This is something I made a good few things of digital art with. It's amateur stuff, of course, but it means a lot to me as a tool. This is from 2017, when it was still new. It's still alive, barely, despite everything. ^w^
The Lamp: I have an very large attachment to this lamp. It is very old and I like it's style and it's so hard to find a wonderful simple lamp sometimes. I like to put color changing bulbs in it. It's very nice.
The Orca: This is one of the oldest objects. It might even predate me, I don't recall. It is a very important plush. I don't think I need to elaborate.

__Cyan__
This is my rock collection. It is in part what I inherited and in part my own. Other than the Geodes, the top right is mostly my own collection. The top left are ones I was gifted. The bottom and top are ones I inherited, including the microscope. The center are meteorites. While I did not know the person I inherited them from, I had for a long time wanted to go into science. When I was quite young I believed I wanted to pursue Geology. I still hold them quite important to my heart to this day. Further, as I have a great interest in space, the meteorites are especially special.

__Yellow__
Of these, the dragon is a kit and the little gun is a kitbash of a halo warthog turret and  star wars vehicle. They are not as dear to my heart, but are necessary to complete the set.
I do like the dragon a lot, though. The 'bionicle' is a kitbash of various pieces from a hero forge figurine, old bionicle parts that were passed to me, and anything I could make fit. I especially love the weapon from wing parts, the shield, and the gearwork on the back, none of which were remotely intended construction. I liked to think of the thing as a sort of clockwork soldier. This one predates the group.
The top one is one I build from scratch. It took a lot of trial and error and it is near and dear to my heart.
As a group, they are robot mechs, built for a tabletop game that was never played. It was a mech team combat game, and I built them so I would have something for my team.
This is a memory of things that never happened, creative efforts, and more. It is quite dear as well, though more recent, 2020.

__Black__
Over the last summer, I purchased a pattern for a fox mask! I built it out of cardstock and put it together and spray painted...which melted the adhesive. I managed to piece it back together into the image in the middle. It did not stay. It is rotted in that way, but, the pieces are still dear to my heart. The promise of its rejoining and its memory are quite dear.
The centerpiece in the other circles is its successor, painted carefully in watercolor and lacquered. It took time and care and is imperfect, but I love it nonetheless.
Four of the candles are expendable things, as candles are, but candles mean a lot to me. Sure, they are part of the sacrifical aesthetic, but I personally love scented candles. They're quite calming. The fifth is a special keepsake, an electronic candle. It is a bit roughed up, as it is a bit cheap, but it means a lot to me. It's not quite the same, but is still nice and calming.
In the circles I have two crystal balls (Tigers Eye, Amethyst) and two polished rocks (Clear Quartz, Rose Quartz). I purchased them because they are calming to have on me and hold. They are a few years old by now.
The black and red balls are stress balls, VERY old. Not as old as the Orca, but several years old. I don't use them that much, but they have survived through so much. Been near. They have accrued value, despite disuse. Memory. Time.
Alongside them, is a flash drive. The archive I have of my digital history. My art. My writing. My modeling. Memories and photos are all backed up there to try to fight rot. It's everything, in a way.
There is also a knife, partly for show. This particular knife has seen much use cutting boxes to relieve stress. It is dulling. This is, sad, in a distant sense. It has value in sentiment, though.
The lighter is an old one I've used for many candles. It also fits to be near the set.
The cardstock is the same batch used to construct the masked, with a pentagram drawn on. It is rough, but this is an amateur affair. A piece of sacrifice done as performance art in part.
The plush is a Zorua. Zorua is a very important pokemon to me. The plush is VERY important.

The knife cut my finger too, so I suppose I'm giving blood too.

In total, I am effectively giving you every major piece of memory I have. What is omitted is in the flash drive. This is heart and soul. Everything. With my blood too, it's even technically a bit of me.
Anything else would dilute the core message. The meaning. The utter devastation of sacrifice.

It is the Web of Everything. A Culmination of Being.
Enjoy.